Not dead
Wake up
You were here last night
The doctor said there couldn't be no one here last night
i
Don't do stupid things again
Since you are married to the Lu family
Your life is mine
Even if I die, I have the final say
Get up and have breakfast
What did you buy?
My mom said you like to eat preserved egg lean meat porridge
I'll go
No spoon.
I want to complain
Young Master, do you think the breakfast stall
Same as the restaurant where you usually eat
If there is no spoon, if you go to get it again, you will still complain.
Sister, wait for me.
You are really dying
Advanced cancer does not cooperate with treatment
You cut your wrists.
Do you know how much it costs your body?
Sorry.
Xiaoyan
You are still obsessed with me
It's between us.
But did you know
You only have half a year. No
I let it do it for me
block
But let's get a divorce!